Advanced Class updates (#275)
mitre/saf-training: src/courses/advanced/10.md

> 

Reviewer: the note above this one is broken, I think cause we're using `Note` instead of `note`

In our `VALIDATE - Apply An Attestation` step, we invoke the SAF CLI.

> The [SAF CLI](https://saf-cli.mitre.org/) is one the tool that the SAF supports to help automate security validation. It is our "kitchen-sink" utility for pipelines. If you took the [SAF User Class](../user/README.md), you are already familiar with the SAF CLI's [attestation](../user/12.md) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SAF CLI](https://saf-cli.mitre.org/) is a key tool amongst the many that the SAF utilizes to help automate security processes. It is our custom-made, "kitchen-sink" utility - and it sees a lot of use in CI/CD pipelines. If you took the [SAF User Class](../user/README.md), you are already familiar with the SAF CLI's [attestation](../user/12.md) function.
```
